docs(config): add multi-namespace support (#2993)
latticexyz/mud: docs/pages/config/reference.mdx

import { Params, Param } from "../../components/Params";

# MUD config reference

The MUD config has two modes: single namespace and multiple namespaces. By default, the config will assume a single namespace unless you start using the `namespaces` config option.

## Single namespace

<Params>
  <Param name="namespace">
    The namespace used for this project's resources and access control. The namespace must fit into a `bytes14`. Leaving
    this blank will use the root namespace, which is [not
    recommended](/guides/best-practices/system-best-practices#avoid-the-root-namespace-if-possible) for most use cases.
  </Param>

  <Param name="tables">
    A mapping of table labels to their table config. Unless disabled, this will codegen a corresponding table library
    for better UX when reading/writing records.
    
    <Params title="Table options">
      <Param name="name">
        The `bytes14` name used in the resource ID. Defaults to the first 14 characters of the table label.
      </Param>
      <Param name="type">
        [Table type](/store/tables#types-of-tables), either `"table"` or `"offchainTable"`. Defaults to `"table"`.
      </Param>
      <Param name="schema">

>         A mapping of field names to their schema type, `enums` label, or `userTypes` label.
>         Note that static-length fields such as `uint256` have to appear before dynamic-length fields such as `string` or `uint8[]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        An ordered mapping of field names to their schema type, `enums` label, or `userTypes` label. Static-length field types (e.g. `uint256`) must come before dynamic-length field types (e.g. `string` or `uint8[]`).
```
